# Network Inventory weekly call - (January 17, 2024)

## Participants

- Aihua Guo
- Bo Wu
- Chaode Yu
- Daniel King
- Italo Busi
- Jan Lindblad
- Marisol Palmero
- Phil Bedard
- Prasenjit Manna
- Roberto Manzotti
- Tony Li

## Admin

Next IVY WG interim meeting:

- February 7th at 10am NA EST / 4pm CET / 11pm CST

Next call:

- January 24th at 10am NA EST / 4pm CET / 11pm CST

## Discussion

### Efficiency Issue (issue #4)

Agreed to move the text in section 2.5 to an Appendix

- [ ] Chaode: update the document accordingly

### Clarify RFC8348 container terminology (issue #13)

- [ ] Sergio: provide some text proposal to clarify the use of term container within this document

### Part number (issue #15)

The rationale is described in section 2.4.3 of the draft

It has been noted that the YANG description needs to be updated

- [ ] Chaode: update the YANG description for the part-number

- [ ] Sergio: check offline with Victor if he is ok with the proposed resolution

### Use node-id instead of uuid for indexing network elements (issue #18)

The list keys used to be UUID in the CCAMP WG draft but the ne-id and component-id have been defined as string, with the plan to re-discuss their types at a later stage

Jan: strings are hard to interpret but keys are intended just to identify something so they do not need to be interpreted

Agreed to keep the ne-id and component-id as string to keep the model very flexible (URI and UUID are also strings)

### Indicate per-component attributes (issue #20)

Closed since it is duplicated with #5

### Guidelines for component specific attributes (issue #5)

Agreed to adopt option 3 since it is easier to understand from the code and lighter to implement

- [ ] Chaode: update the YANG model and I-D text accordingly

### Terminology and use cases clarification (issue #16)

Need to check for existing definitions in TMF and ITU-T

- [ ] Everybody: review existing definitions and the mail from Nigel to continue the discussion next week
